PR guidelines (#1061)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/resources/contributing/code.md

### Citations and References ### -->

## Pull Requests

> When you are ready to contribute your work, please send a PullRequest via GitHub to the corresponding repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready to contribute your work, please send a Pull Request via GitHub to the corresponding repository.
```
